README.md, before:

# Photo

This gem will scrap 5000 photos in 100 photoalbums website.
https://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/photos

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'photo'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install photo

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/photo. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the Photo project’s codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/[USERNAME]/photo/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Commit message:

finalizing readme and message for user input

README.md, after:

# Photo

This gem will scrap 100 photo albums with 5000 photos off this website.
https://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/photos
Thank you for taking the time to look at this showcase.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'photo'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install photo

## Usage

1. Clone this repo.
2. Type "bundle install" to install the required gems.
3. Run the program with "ruby bin/photo"(wait until it asks for user input).
4. Type in an album number between 1-100.
5. Google any troubleshooting if there are any errors such as permission denied or restricted.

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/photo. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the Photo project’s codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/[USERNAME]/photo/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
